 - VAcination for kendo (register with a GP, ask about potential allergy advice. talk with parents)
 - Looks like I am not necessarily at a higher risk for aking the vaccine. 
 - Теперь посоветоваться с родителями


# Preparation for current job application
 - look at more positions, graduate programs, and visa sponsorship details.
 - advice for international  students after graduation for IT look up on google.

 - hackerrank (go through questions you find hard)
 - redo old questions ou struggled with (addition of string numbers, polynomial question)
 - 

# Figure out which technologies are worth studying right now

**Study coding the same way as anything else. Learn something unti lyou can do it anytime and you areconfident with it. Dont leave things half done/understood or unattended. **

Makes sense to look into stuff you are applyting for.
- NodeJS
- React (Typescript)
- Django
- SQL (PostgreSQL)
- Cloud technologies (AWS, Docker, Azure)
- Visual Studio (with vim maybe)
- linux command line

today certainly new tech and algos?
so lets try Django, React, Docker, AWS

- potentially Go, revisit Java and C++. See online courses and maybe prepare for linkedin quizzes. 


TODAY:
 - dynamic programming (LCS, stack problem from AVA)
 - react typescript visual studio
 - Docker/AWS
 - Django


Core idea is that you can pickup whatever you need to a good level in about a month and good to go. 
Dont worry too much about getting the job right now. Get into shape!

# Listen to the astro advice again and pick key points

# Look at freelance opportunities or part time stuff in UK right now to make pocket money


 # FUN
 
 - make a runnign line on obs with meditations quotes basically 